Update the apiVersion in Kubernetes CRD definitions (#9600)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/migration/v2-to-v3.md

The TCP LoadBalancer `terminationDelay` option has been removed.
This option can now be configured directly on the `TCPServersTransport` level, please take a look at this [documentation](../routing/services/index.md#terminationdelay)

### Kubernetes CRD

> In v3, the old api version `traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1` has been replaced by `traefik.io/v1` in the Kubernetes CRD definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v3, the Kubernetes IngressRoute provider CRDs (custom resource definitions) API version has changed from `traefik.containo.us/v1alpha1` to `traefik.io/v1`.
```
